[Music]
I'm reaching yeah - hey what's up
everybody today I'm gonna kick off a
series basically an Olympic series
YouTube has brought a hundred youtubers
together broken them down into a few
different groups YouTube's rallying
around the Olympics just because it's so
exciting I mean I am so excited about
the Olympics and I'm gonna kick it off
with a bangers and mash just because
just to give a tribute to where the
Olympics are being held this year and
obviously that's London please join me
in recreating this classic English pub
dish bangers and mash which is basically
just sausage and potatoes so these small
Yukon Gold potatoes would take about a
half an hour to boil but as that's
boiling get a hot saute pan and add both
of your seasoned sausages to them until
they get nice and golden brown
we say hello
[Music]
if you're being helped conscious you can
avoid this next step by just adding the
herbs dry to the pan no matter where you
are trust me I'll guarantee I'll never
be too far you'll feel my red heartbeat
so after a half an hour these baby Yukon
Gold potatoes are absolutely perfect and
I like to let them cool for about five
minutes before I plate chives work great
as a last-minute garnish especially for
this dish it's gonna add color and a bit
of spice
[Music]
so once you're done cooking get all your
ingredients in front of you and start
plating
a traditional bangers and mash usually
has whipped potatoes but since I saw
these small Yukon Gold potatoes at the
store I just couldn't help resist using
them
[Music]
so here it is bangers and mash my salute
to the Olympics London style do you you
reaching out to be a million miles
between us and we still can speak we say
hello I wanna hear your voice says if
you're next